someone house needed if the video on how
to get and modern warfare 3 game mode
mods for ps3 now this is only for ps3 if
your Xbox there are actually better mods
out there such as em knock back I think
actually got punched but there are
better ones out there and so feel for it
in your search on youtube for xbox game
mode mods but this is for ps3 and I
admit the and grit you know it's not
super drum 1 enfin any good stuff like
that and it's literally stuff like
proficiencies re secondaries and two
attachments on a gun when you don't have
the attachment proficiency speaking of
which there is actually a glitch to do
that and I'll cover that in a previous
video so if you want to do that online
or enzyme like it feel free to look at
that video will be a link in the
description and your back of the video
as you can see here there is also no gun
and and des daigle with silencer
obviously you can't get that normally so
the pretty fun to do I guess Sean show
off to your friends and you can actually
get these yourself and now they're a few
different ways to get it if you already
on my friends list you can go and
private much then on to online friends
vault and it should be there the top 20
game was a my fault and modded in
inverted commas they aren't exactly grid
em secondly you can if you're in me club
book an army friend list you can join
the game you know you send this message
in out there I'm forced it for you and
you can actually just join and then you
back out going to recent matches
it's itchy their modded gear more or
something like that and finally if
you're not in my clan but you still want
the game mode then you can go to
correlate to be linked in the
description and the link will take you
to a page way click copy to vault and
you choose a place to put it in your
vault and it should go in like that and
put a tinker's you join my clan because
it is open to everyone and only ps3
though because the can't actually it
doesn't allow me to invite Xbox users
and we actually are all more like 100x
payoff level it and so fairly close to
the golden clan tag and I'll take
suggestions for the title to have like
the title the Christian title because we
already have that so if you have a good
idea then I'll be a just post it now
I'll do it if it's good but as I said if
you want to join the plan post a comment
on the clown fate that we link in the
description again these links in the
description of pilot up and and I'll
invite you as soon as possible and you
simply accept so thanks watching and
short bit news on my TJ and partnership
hopefully I should be getting it around
30th of April and lady pokes their
nuttin of my adsense released and
partnership should be taking place there
so that'll motivate me to make much more
videos and I will look forward to
college you nine or black ops 2 or
whatever it's called because it'll have
zombies so are we back to my normal
Dombey glittering ways and the
multiplayer should be pretty good as
well it's not as again once again thanks
for watching and I'll see you next video
goodbye